Simply update the ESI initial specs date (dated 2001) (#12614)
symfony/symfony-docs: http_cache/esi.rst

dynamic sections, such as the user name or a shopping cart, you are out of
luck. Fortunately, Symfony provides a solution for these cases, based on a
technology called `ESI`_, or Edge Side Includes. Akamai wrote this specification

> over 18 years ago and it allows specific parts of a page to have a different

Reviewer: I think changing it to the year will improve this further, as we won't have to update it.
```suggestion
in 2001 and it allows specific parts of a page to have a different
```
